Asteroid Bennu isn’t really “alive” because it doesn’t have a heated core necessary for geological activity, but as Hergenrother and his colleagues discovered, it’s not exactly dead either. 
It’s a space zombie roaming the solar system, sneezing out small rocks. 
Some quickly return to the surface like a cannonball, while others escape into the vast emptiness of deep space. 
But what’s really intriguing, says Hergenrother, are the rocks that end up in orbit around Bennu and become miniature moons for a few days before returning to the surface.
Space rock Bennu isn’t truly “alive” since it doesn’t have a warmed center vital for geographical action, but as Hergenrother and his colleagues found, it’s not precisely dead either. 
It’s a space zombie meandering the sun oriented framework, sniffling out little rocks. 
A few rapidly return to the surface like a cannonball, whereas others elude into the tremendous vacancy of profound space. 
But what’s truly captivating, says Hergenrother, are the rocks that conclusion up in circle around Bennu and ended up smaller than expected moons for a couple of days some time recently returning to the surface.
Scientists have seen massive ejections from about two dozen asteroids as they pass by Earth, but the mechanisms invoked to explain why these asteroids are ejecting material don’t work for Bennu. 
The centrifugal force of an asteroid’s spin, for example, could eject material from the surface, but it can’t account for the range of particle orbits seen by OSIRIS-REx. 
Likewise, the sublimation of ice water—the same phenomenon that produces a comet’s tail—can’t explain what’s happening on Bennu because OSIRIS-REx witnessed particle ejections on parts of Bennu that get way too hot to host ice.
Researchers have seen enormous launches from almost two dozen space rocks as they pass by Soil, but the components conjured to clarify why these space rocks are catapulting fabric don’t work for Bennu.
The centrifugal constrain of an asteroid’s turn, for illustration, seem launch fabric from the surface, but it can’t account for the extend of molecule circles seen by OSIRIS-REx. 
Moreover, the sublimation of ice water—the same marvel that produces a comet’s tail—can’t clarify what’s happening on Bennu since OSIRIS-REx seen molecule launches on parts of Bennu that get way as well hot to have ice.